Thank you for joining, shall we start?
Yeah, sure.
Okay. Um,  what's your role on campus?
Are you a student, faculty or visitor?
I'm a graduate student? Yeah.
Oh, sorry to interrupt.
No, that's… okay.
I was told then, uh, yeah.
Okay, um, how familiar are you with PFT?
The PFT building?
Uh, since I am a second-year graduate student, so, uh,
I know quite places in PFT.
Okay.
So what… what kind of places do you usually look for in PFT?
Hmm… I think Panera for coffee.
Hmm? Nice.
And uh… sometimes, if I have meeting with my professor, so the faculty lane,
Okay.
Um, definitely for a class, classroom, uh, yeah.
Okay, that's good, nice. And, um…
How would you describe the navigating inside the PFT?
Uh…
It's quite good, but when I came here at first, it was a little bit confusing, but uh… after, like, spending one year, and now I am getting familiar with the structure, and…
directions.
That's good. Okay, can you, uh,
Can you tell me about, um…
somewhere when you…  you had, like, trouble to find a room for class or office,
Uh, when you were in PFT?
Yeah, I remember that I… as I…
mentioned earlier about the faculty lane. So,
Hmm.
If I'm not wrong, they all have, uh, 3272 lane, but, uh, professors have different…
rooms, which is A, B, C, D. So, it is a little bit difficult, because the whole row is considered as 3272.
Hmm.
So, you can't just find one professor's cabin by just using that 3-2
7 to… you have to just see each and every door and check that professor's nameplate to find out that, uh, whose room it is.
Okay.
And how much time did it take for you to figure out?
And…
the room that you were looking for.
more than 5 minutes, I guess. I'm very bad at that direction.
That's okay, we all are,  bad in Some… things.
So, how did you feel that experience? Obviously, it wasn't good.
So?
Yeah,
Okay. So, you… you were stopped, um…
to get… get the rooms, right?
Okay.
Yeah, sometimes I… because I don't know, and I can't remember that where Professor Sits are. Sometimes, if I…
need to meet any professor for any meeting or conversation. I cannot just, um,
simply go to their place, because they have the numbers,
The number 3272ABCMN, so it's very difficult, and…
Uh, it's opposite direction, it's not that all the professors are, uh, sitting at the same place.
Some are sitting at another side, and a few…
faculty members that are on our website, so you have to check all the rooms,
to find out one professor.
I see, okay. So, uh, whenever you cannot find a location or a room inside PFT,
What do you usually do?
And, you know…
sometimes I just check, uh, the professor's room number from their email address or website,
And there is nothing to do, like, to find it out, because I have to work and…
take it one by one. Also, I had a hard time finding the water refilling station in PFT, it would be nice if someone mentioned in on the direction board because that helps to find it easily.
So, yeah.
Okay. So, do you also ask someone's help?
Or just check on the maps, or…
Is that one-time stuff.
Uh, no, I don't, uh, look in the maps.
Um, I don't ask people, because I think that they can't also remember where all the professor's sitting, and…
Yeah.
Okay, so you just… so you just try to…
find it for yourself. Right?.
Find by myself. Yeah.
That's good, yeah, good.
And which parts of PFT…
Do you think is, like, very confusing, or very slow for you to navigate there?
Uh…
For navigating, I think…
Yeah, is it…
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, is it the… is it the room numbering, or the sign?
for the flow transitions, or… and… and what, like, the stairs, elevators, like, which part do you find more confusing in PFT?
Sometimes finding stairs is a little bit hassle, because, uh,
Hmm.
It is showing that, okay, it's on the right side, but sometimes I don't find it on right side, so I'm a bit confused, and because of the door as well,
Like, a similar kind of doors of laps and stairs, and there is no any sign, but it is, like, they have mentioned that it's on the right side, but sometimes I don't find it on right side but left side.
Okay.
I see. That might seem like a huge task when you are in a hurry.
And uh… yeah, that's the most confusing thing, uh, as you mentioned. But there should be something that helps you.
What are the things that help you in navigating? Is it the room numbers, or the direction signs?
Or do you have some landmarks, or do you just ask people for help?
Mm-hmm.
Uh, each and every time I just, uh, look at the board, they have hang-up, uh, with the yellow sign thing.
So, yeah, it's a little bit helpful, uh…
I follow… I try to follow their direction, and then I look by myself.
Okay, that's good. Okay, thank you.
And, um…
Do you have, uh, any specific preferences when you're navigating inside the building?
Do you usually take the elevators, or stairs, or…
How do you try to do it?
I mean, do you avoid the crowded areas, or…?
you know, try to look for, okay, this is the shortest part, this is the easiest part for me to get to someplace inside the building. How do you do it?
Yeah, sometimes I take shortcut, because, for example, my lab
is on the side of Panera.
So, there is a, uh…
lived at the end of that lens, so if I am not taking the whole, uh…
The Caps 10 gallery, I can just take a shortcut to take that lift, and it will just directly
lead me to the Panera, so…
It's convenient for me. Sometimes I take that shortcut.
Okay, that's good.
And… have you… have you ever struggled to find the accessible route inside the PFD, like…
Maybe the elevator, or the automatic door that, okay, where is this thing?
Uh, yeah, I think, uh, uh…
Well, we have, uh, faced that thing with the push and pull thing.
So, yeah, sometimes it's confusing. Some doors have, like, uh… I don't understand it, it should push or pull.
And what do you do…
when you… when you have struggled like this to find…
the elevators or doors.
Okay.
I try both, and then it works.
And uh…
What do you think that as a pedestrian, like,
Uh, do you use any digital navigation system outdoor? Not in the PFT, like, outdoor?
Uh, of PFT, do you use Google Maps or Apple Maps or some other maps?
For navigation outdoors.
Yeah, definitely, definitely. I use a Google Maps to go to each and every places of LSU, so yes, I do it, but inside, I don't know if there is any app or not.
Without outside, I use Google Map.
Okay, that's great. I think, yes, most of us use Google Maps.
Yeah.
Or maybe Apple Maps. Okay, you use Google Maps. That's good.
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
And I hope that helps, right? Unlike…
Yeah.
inside the PFT building.
But it… sometimes it doesn't show you the shortcut.
And, uh, when you will reach at the place, and you will figure out, okay, I can
Uh, I could take that away, it would be easier, but yeah.
Okay, and what do you like about Google Maps? Because you said you use that.
Mm-hmm. I, uh, like…
Because it gives an estimation of time.
Hmm?
How long it will take to work there, if you have time, you can go there. Otherwise, you just can, uh…
Avoided petroat or something.
Yeah, I like the timing thing, and yeah.
And it's… the route is already short, so yeah.
Okay, that's nice.
Um, and if you… if you are given, uh,
digital indoor navigation for PFT. Would you like to use it?
Definitely, I will use it.
That's awesome. And, uh…
And what could be the possible, uh, things that might stop you from… from using…
the digital indoor navigation system, could it be related to…
accuracy, battery, or some extra effort, or something that you have to do, like,
What do you think might stop you?
Uh, if it…
needs internet, that can be, like, it should be, uh…
not, like, a hosted in online, uh, so that you can use it if we are offline or somewhere.
something. And another thing, probably, um…
I won't use, uh…
If it, uh, uh…
texts each and every time to sign in.
Like, if… yeah.
if I have to sign in each and every time while using the app, that would be…
Because I… if I am in rush, I have to sign in… like, I have to log in each and every time, giving the credential. It won't, like, recognize my…
credential, so it's… it's a bit.
tiring, I guess, and some app give… will give you the verification code. You have to verify it to use that, so it's a little bit time-consuming.
Otherwise, I'm good to use any app.
of whichever will be helpful.
Okay, that's great. Yeah, I hope we can try to make something that helps.
Mm-hmm.
to build something useful. Okay, so these, these were my questions, uh…
And thank you so much, uh, for your time and for taking this interview. So, is there anything else that you would like to share about navigation?
inside PFT, like, anything that we couldn't discuss here.
Mm-hmm, uh, so…
You are welcome for this.
questionnaire, and I think, uh…
If you guys build something, uh, there will be definitely a shortcut of the search thing. I hope that, and I…
Believe that you will have that one.
Uh, so… so that we can just identify that specific…
Place. And have navigation.
Uh, and… yeah.
Uh, I think you guys have already done well, and…
included all the questions and concerns.
So, yeah, just… if I get to use that thing, then I can review
Bad thing, but yeah, for now, I think it will be a great project. So, best of luck to all of you.
Well, thank you so much. Thank you so much for your time.
You are welcome.
Yeah, and that's all for myself, yeah, thank you.